[MRG] Allow Participants File Changes to Persist When calling write_raw_bids (#442)
mne-tools/mne-bids: doc/whats_new.rst

- Do not change an events array passed to :func:`write_raw_bids` via the ``events_data`` keyword argument, by `Alexandre Gramfort`_ (`#402 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/402>`_)
- fix :func:`mne_bids.read_raw_bids` to correctly scale coordinate to meters in electrodes.tsv, and also read in possible iEEG coordinate frames via the 'space' BIDs-entity by `Adam Li`_ (`#390 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/390>`_)
- fix coordystem reading in :func:`mne_bids.read_raw_bids` for cases where the ``acq`` is undefined, by `Stefan Appelhoff`_ (`#440 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/440>`_)

> - allow participants tsv and json files to persist data when calling :func:`write_raw_bids` by `Adam Li`_ (`#442 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/442>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- allow participants tsv and json files to persist user-modified data and keys when calling :func:`write_raw_bids` by `Adam Li`_ (`#442 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/442>`_)
```
Wdyt? that's what you want to achieve, right?

> - allow participants tsv and json files to persist user-modified data and keys when calling :func:`write_raw_bids` by `Adam Li`_ (`#442 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/442>`_)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Calling :func:`write_raw_bids` with `overwrite==True` will preserve all TSV and JSON data for which no data to overwrite is present, by `Adam Li`_ (`#442 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/442>`_)
```

> - allow participants tsv and json files to persist user-modified data and keys when calling :func:`write_raw_bids` by `Adam Li`_ (`#442 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/442>`_)

Reviewer 2: okay, I edited my suggestion because I somehow ignored that this is only for participants.tsv

Thanks for the clarifying remark @jasmainak

> - Calling :func:`write_raw_bids` with `overwrite==True` will preserve participants.tsv and participants.json data for which no data to overwrite is present, by `Adam Li`_ (`#442 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/442>`_)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Calling :func:`write_raw_bids` with `overwrite==True` will preserve existing entries in ``participants.tsv`` and ``participants.json`` if the **new** dataset does not contain these entries, by `Adam Li`_ (`#442 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/442>`_)
```
